I'm Peppa Pig.
This is my little brother, George.
This is Mummy Pig.
And this is Daddy Pig.
Peppa pig.
At the Beach!
Peppa and her family
are going to the beach.
Peppa and George love
going to the beach.
What a lot of stuff!
We must be careful not to
forget anything When We go.
Sunshade, beach-bag,
towels,
buckets and spades,
and a spotty ball.
Good. Now,
before you start playing,
you need some sun cream on.
The sun is very hot,
so Peppa and George have
to have sun cream on.
Let's try out this spotty ball!
It seems to Work.
What a great spotty ball!
George, you throw the ball
and I Will catch it!
George! Catch!
Oh, dear. George is too little
to catch the ball.
Never mind, George.
Would you and Peppa like to
have a paddle in the sea?
Yes, please, Daddy!
Let's put your
Water-Wings on.
There We go. You look very smart
in your Water-Wings, George.
My turn! My turn!
Good.
Now We can play in the Water.
Hurray!
ls the Water cold?
It's Iovely and Warm!
Aaaah!
Whaaoo!
Steady on!
You started it, Daddy Pig!
Woah! Maybe that's
enough splashing.
Wheee! Daddy,
I love being at the beach.
Peppa and George love the beach.
Everyone loves the beach.
Peppa, George,
Would you like to play With
your buckets and spades?
Yes, please, Mummy!
Daddy! Daddy!
Can We bury you in sand?
Err... Well...
Please, Daddy!
Oh, alright!
Yippee!
Peppa and George are
burying Daddy Pig in the sand!
Steady on!
There!
Now you can't escape!
My head is getting a bit hot.
Can I have my straw hat?
Well... if you say ''please''.
Please, can I have
my straw hat?
Yes, you may, Daddy.
That's nice. Maybe I'll
just have a little sleep...
George, let's make sand castles!
Peppa and George
are making sand castles!
First, We put sand in the buckets.
Like this.
We turn the buckets upside down
and tap them...
And lift the bucket up!
Hey, presto!
A sandcastle!
Another sand castle!
Peppa, George, home time!
Don't leave any stuff behind.
Let's check that We haven't
forgotten anything...
Towels, beach-bag, sunshade,
and the spotty ball.
That's everything!
I'm sure We've
forgotten something...
Of course!
We forgot the hat!
Daddy! We forgot Daddy!
Yes, We forgot Daddy Pig!
Eh? What?
Daddy, We almost left you behind!
But George remembered you.
Well, I'm glad
George remembered me!
I'm Peppa Pig.
This is my little brother, George.
This is Mummy Pig.
And this is Daddy Pig.
Peppa pig.
Mister Skinnylegs!
Peppa is playing With her doll's house.
George is playing, too.
Peppa is making a tea party
for the doll family.
Here, George! I'm the Mummy and Daddy.
You can be the children.